note #1 about implementing interfaces
(in c#) - public class housing : IUnits
(in Java) - public class Housing implements IUnits

note #2 about single inheritence
(in c#) - 
(in Java) - 

Note #3 - no virtual key word

note #4 using the console
(C#) - console.writeline
(Java) - system.out.println()

Note #5 Namespaces in java
in java namespaces are designated under a different name: packages.

Note #6 bool vs boolean
(C#) - bool
(Java) - boolean

Note #7 when writing setters for c++ csharp and java
the return type is always;

Note #8 
"final" is a reserved keyword and cannot be used as a variable name.



If its not data its logic

itregral types - attoms
objects - molecules


whats a class?
A template for creating objects

what is an object?
An object can be a variable, data structure,a function,a  method, a refrence or identifier.
--is usually made up of data and behavior.
--could also be called attributes

what is a method?
A collection of programming statements. When a method executes, it accomplishes something.
 
because an object in a complex program usually might have many operations, 
to seperate operations from each other and use them effectivly and in a 
convenient manner, you use methods to implement algorithms


What is a function?

what is a property?
A property is a member that provides a flexible mechanism to read,
write, or compute the value of a private field.
Properties can be used as if they are public data members, 
but they are actually special methods called accessors.        

What is an abstract class?
Abstract classes are classes that contain one or more abstract methods. 
An abstract method is a method that is declared, but contains no implementation. 
Abstract classes may not be instantiated, and require subclasses 
to provide implementations for the abstract methods.

Which class is the superclass for every class?
Object class

whats a constructer?

What is Inheritence?

--Unlike C++, Java doesn’t support multiple inheritance. 
--A class cannot inherit from more than one class.
--A class can implement multiple interfaces though.

what is a variable?

what is a member veriable?



what is an instance?

whats an interface?

whats a default constructor?
	default constructor:
	how you build an object by default

When you put a variable private you want to make the variable incapsulated.


transfering code from one language to another. 
-it is called porting.

porting java to csharp.